faced a period of enormous amount of transfusions
that actually led to complication, infectious disease,
and so on.
And suddenly, when the erythropoietin became available,
this changed completely our life.
Together, with our specific attention
to blood conservation and the strategies,
oriented toward reduction of blood losses,
the so-called pillars of the patient management,
I think that we have made the blood transfusion
an exceptional event.
It takes time.
We have seen that the approach to sepsis, for example,
in the hospital took 20 years.
Now people know that sepsis is dangerous and deadly.
We had the same problem with acute kidney injury.
People said, oh, this is just a marginal increase
in serum creatinine.
Today, they know that this is a deadly condition.
So I think that the PBM is probably
become routine of care in the moment
that we start educating the new generations of physicians,
but also nurses.
Also, all the people that are actually involved
in the care of the patients.
Oh, they're very nice.
We had a fantastic relationship.
They are present, but not invasive.
They are friends, but not inappropriate.
These are very good people.
And I think that the fact that we have been always friendly
and willing to share the issues and solutions and so on,
make them also understanding better our position.
So there is a fantastic dialogue that we have.
And I think I'm personally very happy.